for more than 12 years the number of
people forced from their homes across
the world has risen the UN Refugee
agency's latest Global Trends report
shows in fact the figure has doubled
over the past decade there are now more
than 120 million people in the world
forcibly displaced that equates to one
in every 69 people globally nearly 50
million of those displaced in the world
are children these are refugees Asylum
Seekers ERS internally displaced people
people being forced by Conflict by
persecution by different and
increasingly complex forms of violence
the head of the un's refugee agency
calls Sudan one of the world's most
catastrophic yet forgotten conflicts
it's not just in terms of displacement
but in terms of hunger lack of access
violation of Human Rights by the end of
2023 10.8 million sudanes had been
uprooted the conflict in Syria 2
continues to drive the world's
displacement crisis there are nearly 14
million syrians displaced in and outside
the country two decades of war in
Afghanistan has led to nearly 11 million
Afghans remaining displaced almost all
within their country or in neighboring
countries
ongoing fighting in Ukraine the
Democratic Republic of Congo and Myanmar
are all dislodging Millions turning to
Israel's war on Gaza the report states
that between October and December last
year up to 1.7 million people
representing nearly 80% of gaza's
population have been
displaced Gaza a new Refugee crisis
outside of Gaza would be catastrophic on
all levels especially because we have no
guarantee that these people will be able
to return to Gaza one
day unless there is a significant shift
in international geopolitics the UN
fears these record numbers are almost
certain to continue Rising Mike Apple
elazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer